Add Claude Code skills and repo review rules under .claude/ (#5394)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gateway-stripe: .claude/review-rules.md

### Caching

- [ ] New caches reuse `WC_Stripe_Database_Cache` rather than rolling a new layer
- [ ] Database migrations and bulk operations don't lock large tables synchronously
- [ ] `update_option()` calls are not inside loops — accumulate and flush once

---

## Test Coverage

### Mandatory

- [ ] Bugfixes for fatals, checkout failures, and payment regressions include or update targeted automated tests (CRITICAL — code review alone is not enough)
- [ ] Behavior changes have corresponding PHPUnit coverage in `tests/phpunit/`
- [ ] Frontend behavior changes have Jest coverage under `tests/js/` or E2E coverage under `tests/e2e/`
- [ ] Payment method availability/rendering changes are validated across classic, Blocks, OCS, and ECE
- [ ] Recurring-payment-capable changes include subscription/pre-order regression coverage

### Conventions

- [ ] PHPUnit parameterized tests use `@dataProvider`
- [ ] PHPUnit test methods include a PHPDoc describing the contract being guarded
- [ ] E2E specs that mutate global store settings (currency, payment method availability) live in a dedicated Playwright project and CI matrix job, not in `default`

> - [ ] Tests live nearest to the code they cover (`tests/phpunit/Admin/`, `tests/phpunit/PaymentMethods/`, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Tests live nearest to the code they cover (`tests/phpunit/admin/`, `tests/phpunit/payment-methods/`, etc.)
```

Actual directories use kebab-case

---

## Compatibility

- [ ] Changes preserve WC L / L-1 / L-2 support (current major and previous two)
- [ ] Changes preserve WP L / L-1 support (transitively constrained by WC's support policy)
- [ ] PHP 7.4 syntax compatibility preserved (no PHP 8+ syntax in feature code)
- [ ] WordPress / WooCommerce core files in `docker/wordpress/` and `docker/wordpress_xdebug/` are NEVER edited

---

## Release Hygiene

> - [ ] Version-impacting changes update `changelog.txt`, `readme.txt` stable tag and changelog, and the plugin file header *together*

Reviewer: Do we ever update the stable tag directly? Shouldn't we leave that to the woorelease script?

Author: Good catch — woorelease handles the stable tag at release time. Reworded the bullet to call out only `changelog.txt`, the `readme.txt` changelog section, and the plugin file header, with a note that the stable tag is woorelease's job. (9052ac7d5)

- **Don't repurpose `is_valid_optimized_checkout_page()` as a generic "is OCS in play" check:** `WC_Stripe_UPE_Payment_Gateway::is_valid_optimized_checkout_page()` only answers "is this request the OCS-rendered checkout page itself?" Using it elsewhere (order received, order details, etc.) caused those pages to display "Stripe" as the payment method instead of the actual one. If you need a broader "OCS enabled / OCS could be in play" check, use a separate predicate or the relevant settings option directly. Precedent: PR #5325.
- **Subscription renewals + Stripe Radar:** when Radar blocks a renewal, the WC Subscriptions retry queue must be cancelled rather than left pending — otherwise the next retry triggers the same Radar block (PR #5361).

> - **Saved tokens + OCS:** Optimized Checkout Suite must not hide saved payment tokens from the saved-cards list. Verify token retrieval works with OCS enabled and disabled when touching token logic.

Reviewer 2: I would add that new constructors should not include side effects whenever possible.

Author: Added — folded onto the duplicate-charge bullet as a corollary: constructors should avoid side effects (hooks, network, option writes) so classes stay safe to instantiate for metadata reads. Side effects belong in an explicit `init()`/`register_hooks()` called from the bootstrap.
